Confidentiality Agreement
=========================

** *Attention*: All AMEND case competition participants must agree to a Nondisclosure Agreement
in order to participate.**

It is understood and agreed to that the below identified discloser of confidential information
may provide certain information that is and must be kept confidential. To ensure the protection
of such information, and to preserve any confidentiality necessary under patent and/or trade
secret laws, it is agreed that

1. The Confidential Information to be disclosed can be described as and includes:
Any financial data given by the client, results of any analysis conducted by you and your team,
content shared in emails, information discussed via conference call, final presentation decks,
and any other material pertaining to this case competition.

2. The Recipient shall limit disclosure of Confidential Information within its own organization
to its directors, officers, partners, members, employees and/or independent contractors
(collectively referred to as "affiliates") having a need to know. The Recipient and affiliates
will not disclose the confidential information obtained from the discloser unless required to
do so by law.

3. The Recipient of the Confidential Information will agree to not share this information with
anybody outside the organization via email or any other means. All emails from the Discloser
will be deleted after the final presentations for the case competition. The Recipient must also
delete all records of financial data once the competition is finished.

4. This Agreement states the entire agreement between the parties concerning the disclosure of
Confidential Information. Any addition or modification to this Agreement must be made in
writing and signed by the parties.

5. The Discloser agrees to allow winners of competition to be publicized within organization.
However, any details from final presentations will not be published. WHEREFORE, the parties
acknowledge that they have read and understand this Agreement and voluntarily accept the duties
and obligations set forth herein.

--------

#### Recipient of Confidential Information:

Name (Print or Type):

Signature:

Date:

--------

#### Discloser of Confidential Information:

Name (Print or Type):

Signature:

Date:
